Add fermionic to qubit mapping function (#4201)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  [(#4164)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4164)

* Added the `FermiWord` class to represent a fermionic operator such as
  :math:`a^\dagger_1 a_0 a^\dagger_2 a_3`.
  [(#4191)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4191)

> * Added a conversion function `jw_mapping` that converts a fermionic operator (`FermiWord`) to a qubit 

Author: The function name needs to be updated.

> * Added a conversion function `jw_mapping` that converts a fermionic operator (`FermiWord`) to a qubit 

Author: ```suggestion
* Added a conversion function `jordan_wigner` that converts a fermionic operator (`FermiWord`) to a qubit 
```

  operator (`PauliSentence`) using the Jordan-Wigner mapping.

>   Added a `to_qubit` method to `FermiWord` that returns a `PauliSentence` representation using `jw_mapping`.

Author: The function name needs to be updated. We can remove the `to_qubit` method.

Reviewer: Already removed. Also removed from the change log now :)

>   Added a `to_qubit` method to `FermiWord` that returns a `PauliSentence` representation using `jw_mapping`.

Author: ```suggestion
  Added a `to_qubit` method to `FermiWord` that returns a `PauliSentence` representation using `jordan_wigner`.
```

>   Added a `to_qubit` method to `FermiWord` that returns a `PauliSentence` representation using `jw_mapping`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  $\hat{c}_1 c_0 \hat{c}_2 c_3$.
  [(#4191)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4191)

* Added a conversion function `jw_mapping` that converts a fermionic operator (`FermiWord`) to a qubit 
  operator (`PauliSentence`) using the Jordan-Wigner mapping.
  [(#4201)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4201)

* Added the `FermiSentence` class to represent a linear combination of fermionic operators.
  [(#4195)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4195)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
